.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH DWP2 1 "May 3, 2016"
.SH NAME
dwp2 \- decompress a WP2 file to an image file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dwp2
.RI [ options ] " input_file.wp2
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the
.B dwp2
command.
.PP
\fBdwp2\fP decompresses WP2 files into PNG, PAM, PPM or PGM images.
.SH OPTIONS
The basic options are:
.TP
.B \-h
Print usage summary.
.TP
.B \-version
Print the version number (as major.minor.revision) and exit.
.TP
.BI \-o " string
Specify the name of the output file (as PNG format by default).
Using "-" as output name will direct output to 'stdout'.
.TP
.BI \-\- " string
Explicitly specify the input file. This option is useful if the input
file starts with an '\-' for instance. This option must appear \fBlast\fP.
Any other options afterward will be ignored. If the input file is "\-",
the data will be read from \fIstdin\fP instead of a file.
.TP
.B \-bmp
Change the output format to uncompressed BMP.
.TP
.B \-tiff
Change the output format to uncompressed TIFF.
.TP
.B \-pam
Change the output format to PAM (retains alpha).
.TP
.B \-ppm
Change the output format to PPM (discards alpha).
.TP
.B \-pgm
Change the output format to PGM. The output consists of luma/chroma
samples instead of RGB, using the IMC4 layout. This option is mainly
for verification and debugging purposes.
.TP
.B \-mt
Use multi\-threaded parallel decoding if possible.
.TP
.B \-dbg
Superimpose visual debugging information on the decoded picture.
.TP
.B \-v
Print extra information (decoding time in particular).

.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs to the issue tracker:
https://bugs.chromium.org/p/webp
.br
Patches welcome! See this page to get started:
http://www.webmproject.org/code/contribute/submitting-patches/

.SH EXAMPLES
dwp2 picture.wp2 \-o output.png
.br

.SH AUTHORS
\fBdwp2\fP is a part of libwebp and was written by the WebP team.
.br
The latest source tree is available at
https://chromium.googlesource.com/webm/libwebp
.PP
This manual page was written by Pascal Massimino <pascal.massimino@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cwp2 (1), vwp2(1)
.br
Please refer to http://developers.google.com/speed/webp/ for additional
information.
.SS Output file format details
PAM: http://netpbm.sourceforge.net/doc/pam.html
.br
PGM: http://netpbm.sourceforge.net/doc/pgm.html
.br
PPM: http://netpbm.sourceforge.net/doc/ppm.html
.br
PNG: http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/png-sitemap.html#info
